c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\mongodbCSharp.exe.config
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\mongodbCSharp.exe
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\mongodbCSharp.pdb
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.GridFS.dll
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.pdb
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.pdb
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.pdb
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.GridFS.pdb
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.GridFS.xml
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.pdb
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\obj\Debug\mongodbCSharp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\obj\Debug\mongodbCSharp.exe
c:\users\jiahe chen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mongodbCSharp\mongodbCSharp\obj\Debug\mongodbCSharp.pdb
